README.md, before:

# SOEN-341

<head>
<h2>Description of the Project</h2><br/>
</head>
This project consists in building a question and answer website, similar to stack overflow and reddit, where users can ask questions, answer questions as well as upvote on which answer they think is best. We will divide this project into 4 building processes called sprints. Sprint 1 will consist in setting up the running environment. Our running environment, in other words, the language and techcnologies we will use are described later in this readme file, under language and technologies. In sprint 2, we will implement core features. These core feature will also be explained later in this readme file. In sprint 3 we will implement more features as well as receive feedback from our TA to improve our website. Lastly, sprint 4 we will fix bugs, thoroughly test our website and wrap up our final product.

<h2>Objective</h2> <br/>
The objective of this project is to develop a website similar to the Q&A site StackOverflow.  We will build a website with three core features as well as a fourth feature that we will mention later on. Furthermore, another objective will be to understand the value of sprints and teamwork as well as to further our knowledge of software processes.

<h2>Core Features </h2><br/>
-Asking and answering questions<br/>
-Voting on the answers<br/>
-Accepting the best answer<br/>
-Another final feature that we have yet to discuss <br/>

<h2>Project</h2>

<h2>Team Members (& Github Names)</h2>

• Ramzi Boucetta (RamB98)<br/>
• Jacob Lopez (jakelop)<br/>
• Paul Westenberg (paulwestenberg)<br/>
• Mouhamed Boubacar Diane (MomooDiane)<br/>
• Mohammed Al-Taie (MohammedAltaiee)<br/>
• Alexandre Vallières (SniffyMcTasty)<br/>
• Samson Kaller (SamsonKaller)<br/>

<h2>Language and Technologies</h2>

To build the website, we will use a combination of html, css as well as java. We will document, code as well as share said code on GitHub. Github will also be used to track when our team meets, for how long we meet and what we discuss during those meetings

<h2>Team log (meeting minutes)</h2>

- Sunday September 19th, Discord meeting:<br/>
  Created repo, explained the description of the project, the objective and technologies we will use.
  All members were familiarized with github as we all individually added our names using a commit.<br/>
- Thursday September 23rd, blended meeting:<br/>
  Decided to use current repo as github practice, and created new clean repo for 1st sprint.
  Went over the detailed Grading for Sprint 1 and compared with repo to verify if requirements are satisfied.
  Discussed special feature requirement (Options: Profile pic, "Trusted Tutor" badge).
  Finished user stories.
  Created issues and pull requests to satisfy Sprint1 requirements.<br/>
  Next meeting scheduled: Saturday September 25th on Discord.<br/>
- Saturday September 25th, Discord meeting:<br/>

Commit message:

added my name -Derek- and user stories

README.md, after:

# SOEN-341

<head>
<h2>Description of the Project</h2><br/>
</head>
This project consists in building a question and answer website, similar to stack overflow and reddit, where users can ask questions, answer questions as well as upvote on which answer they think is best. We will divide this project into 4 building processes called sprints. Sprint 1 will consist in setting up the running environment. Our running environment, in other words, the language and techcnologies we will use are described later in this readme file, under language and technologies. In sprint 2, we will implement core features. These core feature will also be explained later in this readme file. In sprint 3 we will implement more features as well as receive feedback from our TA to improve our website. Lastly, sprint 4 we will fix bugs, thoroughly test our website and wrap up our final product.

<h2>Objective</h2> <br/>
The objective of this project is to develop a website similar to the Q&A site StackOverflow.  We will build a website with three core features as well as a fourth feature that we will mention later on. Furthermore, another objective will be to understand the value of sprints and teamwork as well as to further our knowledge of software processes.

<h2>Core Features with User Stories</h2><br/>
-Asking and answering questions<br/>
As a forum user, I want to be able to post a question and be able to receive helpful responses.<br/>
-Voting on the answers<br/>
As a web user, I want to be able to vote on answers to be able to contribute to popular and prominent responses to forum questions.<br/>
-Accepting the best answer<br/>
As a academics user, I want to be able to see reliable responses on a forum that have the most positive votes.<br/>
-Another final feature that we have yet to discuss <br/>

<h2>Project</h2>

<h2>Team Members (& Github Names)</h2>

• Ramzi Boucetta (RamB98)<br/>
• Jacob Lopez (jakelop)<br/>
• Paul Westenberg (paulwestenberg)<br/>
• Mouhamed Boubacar Diane (MomooDiane)<br/>
• Mohammed Al-Taie (MohammedAltaiee)<br/>
• Alexandre Vallières (SniffyMcTasty)<br/>
• Samson Kaller (SamsonKaller)<br/>
• Derek Dorrance (derekdorrance)<br/>

<h2>Language and Technologies</h2>

To build the website, we will use a combination of html, css as well as java. We will document, code as well as share said code on GitHub. Github will also be used to track when our team meets, for how long we meet and what we discuss during those meetings

<h2>Team log (meeting minutes)</h2>

- Sunday September 19th, Discord meeting:<br/>
  Created repo, explained the description of the project, the objective and technologies we will use.
  All members were familiarized with github as we all individually added our names using a commit.<br/>
- Thursday September 23rd, blended meeting:<br/>
  Decided to use current repo as github practice, and created new clean repo for 1st sprint.
  Went over the detailed Grading for Sprint 1 and compared with repo to verify if requirements are satisfied.
  Discussed special feature requirement (Options: Profile pic, "Trusted Tutor" badge).
  Finished user stories.
  Created issues and pull requests to satisfy Sprint1 requirements.<br/>
  Next meeting scheduled: Saturday September 25th on Discord.<br/>
- Saturday September 25th, Discord meeting:<br/>
